Hey there.
So in this bonus section, we'll be going through a stripe integration, a stripe integration meeting
will be building a small minor checkout flow that will show you how to integrate stripe payments into
your application.
Now for this bonus section, we will be building on some of the concepts that we build on in the bonus.
Google integration in the fiery section will be using firebase functions.
And that means as well that you will need a paid firebase account or to upgrade your firebase account,
at least to a plan which has a free usage to your built into it, but requires credit card information.
And this is because we will be releasing a firebase function for the check out integration that will
allow us to do our payment against Stripe in the test sandbox that they provide.
Now, you can also just develop this firebase function locally without deploying it to the cloud.
But again, remember that if you're not deploying your firebase functions, you're basically enabling
your app only to work locally in the emulator and on your local machine.
And that is very important to note here.
Now think of this feature this way, someone in their company comes to us and they say, hey, for meals
to go, we really like the meals, need to be able to go like people need to be able to buy things.
And so the very first feature that they come up with is how about if we ask every single restaurant
to require a special menu item, we're just going to offer a special.
For twelve ninety nine at every single restaurant that we load now, this is a bit unrealistic.
Of course, in real life, you couldn't possibly hook up every single restaurant in the world.
But let's let's imagine that we're further down the process of getting these restaurants on board.
Every single restaurant has a special and that's special is twelve ninety nine.
And restaurants are competing to get customers to order their special.
Now, if you order a special, you'll order the special from that particular restaurant.
If you decide that you want to switch it up in order a special from a different restaurant, you'll
switch it over to a different restaurant.
You can order multiple specials by going back and adding to the order and that will change the total.
When we fill in the name of the user, then we fill in their fake credit card information.
And then if we add the expiry date and then the KVI code, we can then press pay and if we press pay,
a leading indicator will start, will disabled the buttons and we'll see.
We successfully paid now by successfully paying.
We also successfully log this payment in the stripe interface as well as if we feel a payment.
If we don't have certain information, we try to pay, we'll get an error screen and we're able to clear
the cart.
Just in terms of a very, very simple a very straight to the point flow here that will be integrating
strike payments.
Now, that said, we'll be showing you how to integrate all of this.